Future Ted VO: Kids, in life there are a lot of big romantic moments, and they make life worth living. But here's the problem, moments pass, and lurking just around the corner from those moments is a cruel, unshaven bastard named reality.
INT. WEDDING RECEPTION
Future Ted VO: And so, back in 2006, on the night of Claudia and Stuart's wedding, reality was the enemy.
Tanya: Wow, the Peace Corps?
Barney: Yeah, I ship out tomorrow for two years. You know, some people say the Peace Corps is the most noble thing a person can do. To those people, I say, "Is it?" And usually they say, "yes it is."
Tanya: Barney, they are so right. I wish there was something I could do.
Barney: Oh, Tanya, I'm so glad you said that.
Future Ted VO: This wasn't how I thought the night would turn out.
Future Ted VO: This was finally supposed to be my big moment with Robin. But then reality came along.
Future Ted VO: Robin got called up last minute to anchor the 11 o'clock news. It was her big break.
Future Ted VO: And I went to the wedding stag. Then, when I least expected it...
INT. APARTMENT
Lily: Hey, where the hell did you disappear to last night?
Ted: I had the most amazing night ever.
Marshall: Tell me about it, that cake, best cake I ever had. Seriously. My stomach was like, hey bro, I don't know what you're eating 'cause I don't have any eyes but it's basically awesome so keep sending it down gullet alley.
Lily: Yeah, I know. My stomach was like, girlfriend, we don't always get along but that cake...
Marshall: Say what?
Ted: Lily.
Lily: Oh right. Most amazing night ever, and go.
Victoria: I should tell you, I have a rule. I never hook up at weddings.
Ted: I'm guessing you haven't always had this rule.
Victoria: Well, here's the thing. Those big romantic moments, they're great when they happen, but they're not real.
Ted: Exactly. Exactly, like, like just now, when I saw you doing the chicken dance out there, I'm not gonna lie to you, big time thunderbolt.
Victoria: You should see me tap-dance. You'd be down on bended knee.
Ted: Sadly not out of character. But I know now it's just a mirage.
Victoria: Wedding goggles.
Ted: Exactly. And that, in a nutshell, is why I'm not putting the moves on you.
Victoria: This isn't the moves?
Ted: What, you think this is the moves? Believe me, you'd know the moves. People ten tables away would know the moves.
Victoria: That's too bad.
Ted: Tell me about it.
Victoria: You know, I think I have a solution.
Ted: Interested.
Victoria: And, to preface this, we're not going to sleep together tonight.
Ted: Less interested.
Ted: Go ahead.
Victoria: OK. So the thing that always screws it up is the next day, right? So, why don't we just cut that part out.
Ted: What are you saying?
Victoria: I'm saying, I'm here, you're here, and this is a big, romantic wedding. Why don't we just dance and have a great time and then when it's over, never see each other again.
Ted: Unless...
Victoria: No, no unless. No emails, no phone numbers, not even names. Tonight we will make a memory that will never be tarnished. And then, when we're old and gray, we'll look back on this night and it'll be perfect.
Ted: Wow. OK, I'm in.
Victoria: OK.
Ted: I guess, what, we'll need fake names?
Victoria: Um, you can call me Buttercup.
Ted: Pleased to meet you, Buttercup. I'm Lando Calrissian.
Ted: Wow, this is kind of exciting. Our names will forever be shrouded...
Barney: Ted, Ted, Ted, look, I got a bridesmaid, Ted, look, look, Ted, the second hottest bridesmaid, Ted, look. See ya Ted.
Ted: So, I'm Ted.
Victoria: Victoria. But no last names.
Ted: No last names.
Marshall: Oh.
Lily: Oh, what is wrong with you?
Marshall: Dude, that is just like... a weenie ass idea.
Ted: No, it was awesome. I had a great night, I'm never gonna see her again, and there's no way to ruin it.
Marshall: Ted, how do I explain this to you? Last night I had the best cake of my life. You think I'm gonna let that cake out of my life? Hell, no. I'm gonna find out what bakery made that cake and then I'm gonna get some more cake.
Ted: That cake really got to you, huh?
Marshall: It haunts me.
Lily: So, what happened next?
 Victoria: OK, ground rules have been established.
Ted: Mm-hm.
Victoria: Now let's see some of these moves I've heard so much about.
Victoria: Wait wait wait wait wait.
Victoria: Let's do all the single ladies in this joint a big favor and steal the bouquet.
Ted: Yes, but we'll need a diversion.
Ted: Kiss.
Ted: Go. Go, go, go
Lily: So, that's what happened to the bouquet. You know, good for Victoria. It's such an evil tradition.
Ted: You're not gonna do it at your wedding?
Lily: Oh, yeah, I'm gonna take that flower grenade and chuck it into the crowd and scream, crawl for it, bitches. It's just what girls do.
Marshall: So, where did you guys go?
Ted: Very nice.
Victoria: Yeah?
Victoria: OK, I don't really know how to tap-dance.
Ted: I couldn't really tell.
Ted: Well, it's too bad you're not gonna get some tonight.
Victoria: Oh, if I wanted some, I could get some.
Ted: No you couldn't.
Victoria: You're a dude. I could totally...
Ted: Totally get some.
Victoria: We're not gonna kiss tonight.
Victoria: If we kiss, all of this becomes real. You, you might use too much tongue, or not use enough and then suddenly, poof, spell's broken.
Ted: I will use exactly the right amount of tongue.
Victoria: OK, how about this? The best part of any first-kiss is the lead-up to it, the moment right before the lips touch. It's like a big drumroll. So, how about, tonight, we just stick with the drumroll.
Ted: OK.
Victoria: But we can't kiss.
Ted: OK.
Marshall: A drumroll? That's it. So, what, you just said good-night, came home, and performed a drum solo?
Lily: Oh, Ted, you're such a doof. I mean, this girl sounds amazing.
Ted: She was completely amazing. She was amazing and funny and we connected on every level. And, I'm never gonna see her again.
Ted: Dammit, I have to see her again.
Lily, Marshall: Yes.
Marshall: So, let's get to work, man. What else do you know about her?
Ted: Nothing. Her name's Victoria, that's all I got. Wait, Claudia, Claudia would know.
Lily: Well, Claudia's on her honeymoon. She'll be back in two weeks. Call her then.
Ted: Yes, two weeks, good idea. I'm calling her now.
Lily: No, Ted, you don't mess with a honeymoon.
Marshall: Yeah, come on, dude. Ask her about the cake.
INT. AIRPORT
Claudia: Ted?
 Ted: Hey, Claudia, great wedding, beautiful toast, touching stuff. How's the honeymoon? Listen, I'm calling because last night I met this girl and I was wondering if you had...
Claudia: Oh, you have got to be freakin kidding me.
Stuart: Oh, here we go.
Claudia: 24 hours ago, you were begging, begging me to bring some other girl to my wedding, and now, what, you're over her?
Ted: I've moved on.
Claudia: What was her name? Was it my fat cousin, Lindsay? Don't be embarrassed. She has pretty eyes.
Ted: Uh, no, her name was Victoria, I don't know her last name.
Claudia: Well, lucky for you, I know that guest list backwards and forwards.
Ted: Thank God.
Claudia: Unlucky for you, there was no Victoria at my wedding. Good-bye, Ted.
INT. APARTMENT
Ted: There was no Victoria at the wedding.
Lily: Maybe she used a second fake name. Oh, she's good, she's very good.
Marshall: Maybe she was a ghost. That's why she didn't wanna kiss you, because you'd just pass right through her and feel really cold for a second. Oh my God, I just had a great idea for a screenplay.
Ted: Marshall. She was not a ghost.
Marshall: I know that she wasn't a ghost, she picked up a bouquet, proving she had corporeal form.
Ted: Wait, wait, wait, she was sitting across from a couple of bridesmaids. She must have been at their table. Maybe they know who she was?
Lily: Great. How do we get in touch with the bridesmaids?
;
INT. MASSAGE PARLOR
Barney: This better be good, I'm about to enter nirvana. By the way, I should give you Nirvana's phone number, she gives a great massage. Say what?
Nirvana: Barney.
Barney: Ow. I know the house rules. Es un chiste.
Ted: Uh, listen, Barney, I saw you talking to that bridesmaid last night. Did you happen to get her phone number?
Barney: You know I did.
Ted: Great. I'm gonna need you to call her for me.
Barney: You know I won't.
Ted: Why not?
INT. MACLAREN'S
Barney: Because we just hooked up last night. I can't call the girl the next day. I have to wait at least, like, forever. Oh snap. Never gonna call her. Besides, she thinks I'm on my way to India.
Lily: Oh, come on, Barney. It's for a good cause.
Barney: Ted going all castrati over another girl is exactly not a good cause. Sorry, buddy, I wish I could help you, my hands are tied. Oh no, wait, that was last night.
Ted: OK, Barney, I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. You make this call and I will go with you to Foxy Boxing.
Barney: Really? Ted: Yeah.
Barney: But you always said that Foxy Boxing girls were neither foxy nor good at boxing.
Ted: I'm ready to be proven wrong.
Barney: Tonight? Ted: Tonight. Dial.
Barney:  Yeah, Tanya, turns out I don't leave for the Peace Corps until tomorrow. Yeah, I know, sucks. Just one fewer day I get to help people. Anyway, this girl, any idea who she was? Hold on.
Barney:  What kind of shoes...
Barney:  Tanya, he's a dude. He's not gonna know what kind of shoes she was wearing.
Ted: Actually.
Barney: Oh come on.
Victoria: Hey.
Ted: So, what do you want to do next?
Victoria: Uh...
Ted: Don't think...first thing that comes into your mind.
Victoria: Hold this.
Ted: Whoa. There she goes.
Barney:  Apparently she was wearing brown shoes with little snowflakes on them.
Yeah, they do sound cute. Any idea who...? OK, well thanks anyway. Yeah, you take... Tonight? Well, I'm shipping out pretty early so I won't be able to stay over, but, yeah, sure, I'd love to. OK, I'll talk to you later.
Barney: Sorry, Ted, I won't be able to make foxy boxing tonight.
Ted: I understand.
Lily: OK, let's not lose hope. We'll call the hotel, maybe she was staying there. We'll have them check the registry for anyone named Victoria. Or maybe she goes by Vicky or Tori...
Marshall: Or Ictor. Probably doesn't go by Ictor.
Ted: No, you know what? This is fate. I am never supposed to see this girl again. That was the whole point of the night. I've just been saved from myself. Let's drink many beers.
Marshall: Agreed.
Future Ted VO: And I thought that was the end of it, but then...
INT. APARTMENT
Lily: Hey, there's the anchor lady! How was it?
Robin: Oh, I don't know. Why don't you ask the new substitute weekend anchor. Robin? Thanks, Robin, it was awesome. Back to you, Robin.
Lily: Congrats, that's so cool.
Robin: Yeah, I felt really bad bailing on Ted though.
Lily: Oh, don't even worry about it. In fact...
Future Ted VO: And then Lily told her the whole story, right down to the brown shoes with the little snowflakes on them, and by the end of it...
Lily: What?
Robin: I know who she is.
Lily: You know who she is? But, you weren't even at the wedding.
Robin: Actually, I kind of was.
Lily: What?
Robin: Well, after the newscast, I was so excited, I decided to surprise Ted by going to the reception.
Robin: Dammit. Stop it. What the hell?
Victoria: Hello? You OK in there?
Robin: Uh, yeah, I'm fine. Just allergies or something. I'm fine.
Victoria: Listen, do you wanna come and cry out here? I've been told I'm an excellent hugger.
Robin: Oh, thanks, but I don't actually cry in front of people, or cry at all for that matter. Man, it's gross. Does everyone snot up this much when they cry?
Victoria: Hey, you're speaking to a fellow snotter. So, why are you crying?
Lily: Because you have feelings for Ted.
Robin: I don't know, maybe.
Lily: OK, what is wrong with the two of you?! Seriously. He likes you and you like him, just, just, just be together. Geez, Louise, happiness is not that difficult.
Robin: Oh, look, OK. Yes, I cried in the bathroom, and that was weird. But that doesn't mean I'm in love with the guy. The fact is I don't know how I feel.
Lily: Yes you do. Seeing him with someone else and crying about it. Guess what? That's how you feel. That is nothing but how you feel.
Robin: OK, fine, I have feelings for him. Happy? Lily: Kinda, yeah.
Robin: But it doesn't change anything. I still don't wanna get married and he's still... Ted. What I should do is just tell him who Victoria is so he could be happy.
Lily: Or you could tell him you're into him and then you could both be happy.
Robin: I'm gonna go find him.
Lily: Well, wait. Which one are you gonna tell him?
Robin: I have no idea.
INT. MACLAREN'S
Barney: And here's the most amazing part. Because I told her I converted all my money to India dollars, she gave me fifty bucks to take a cab to the airport. That's right, I just got paid for sex.
Barney: I really should give this money to the Peace Corps. They've done so much for me lately.
Robin: Hi, guys,
Ted: Hey.
Robin: Um, Ted, can I talk to you outside for a second?
Ted: Sure. What's up?
Robin: Uh, I, I have to tell you something.
Ted: Oh.
Robin: Oh, just get it.
Ted: Hello.
Stuart: Ted, it's Stuart. My lovely bride would like to say something to you.
Claudia: Ted. I'm sorry I hung up on you earlier. My new husband and a vodka cranberry which cost $10.50 at the freakin' airport bar. When is this plane going to board?!
Stuart: Sweet pea.
Claudia: Have helped me realize that sometimes I can act like a crazy person. And I don't want my new husband to think I'm a crazy person.
Ted: It's fine, Claudia. Don't worry about it.
Ted: Oh, um, Marshall wanted to know where you guys got that cake.
Claudia: Cake.
Victoria: Why don't you take this? Sounds like you could use it.
Robin: Thanks. You're very sweet. So, are you a friend of the bride or groom?
Claudia: We got it at this little bakery downtown.
Victoria: Actually, neither.
Claudia: It's called the Buttercup Bakery.
Pleased to meet you, Buttercup.
Victoria: I made the cake.
Ted: She made the cake.
Ted: Buttercup Bakery. She wasn't on the guest list because she wasn't a guest. She made the cake.
Marshall: She made that cake. Ted, this is the girl. You gotta marry her, today. She has to move in with us.
Ted: I'm going down to that bakery.
Lily: No, no, don't do it.
Marshall: Baby, what are you talking about?!
Ted: Yeah, all day long, you've been busting my apple bag about finding this girl.
Lily: Well, I just think that maybe she's not that into you and that's why she didn't give you her number. Robin, care to chime in with anything? Robin: Yes. Ted. Go get her.
Ted: Going. Getting.
Barney: Ted, oh my gosh, I love this moment. You know why? Because I'm gonna say it and this time you're actually gonna say yes. You ready? You ready to say yes? Ted, suit up!
Ted: Yes! No.
Barney: Oh come on!
Ted: Whoa. Guess we were gone a while.
Victoria: Well, that's too bad. I was looking forward to one last dance.
Ted: Why yes I am. Sorry, I could tell what you were just thinking.
Victoria: Wow, what was I thinking?
Ted: Damn, he's looking mighty fine in that tux.
Victoria: You got me, you are good.
Ted: You know, I don't look like this every day. On a real weekend, the real Ted wears a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt with bleach stains on it.
Victoria: The real Ted sounds real sexy. It's too bad I'll never get to see it.
INT. CAB
Lily: Buttercup Bakery. This is it.
Marshall: Good luck, dude. Grab me a cupcake.
Barney: Ted, you still with us?
Ted: Tell me your last name.
Ted: You know, there's one little flaw in our plan.
Victoria: What's that?
Ted: I'm gonna go home tonight with a lot of great memories and one really sucky memory: the memory of you walking out that door.
Victoria: Hey, Ted.
Ted: Yeah?
Victoria: Close your eyes, and count to five.
Ted: One, two, three, four, five.
Ted: And to our dying day, we will remember everything about that night as perfect. Maybe we both need that. So many things go wrong in life, but this is the one thing that never will. It'll always, always be pure, unadulterated awesome. If I walk in there, I'm robbing both of us of what could be...
Barney: The meter's running, dude. Crap or get off the pot.
Ted: OK.
INT. BUTTERCUP BAKERY
Victoria: Oh thank God.
END
