 I hope not.--- No, no.
 OK, I know that you've all dismissed this theory before, but is there any chance that Carl is a vampire?--- That's ridiculous.
 $1500, Stop rounding up. And it's for third world hunger.--- You gonna put out?
 You gonna put out?--- What? There's only one reason he's taking her to this dinner and it's not so little Mutu can get his malaria pills.
 OK, first of all, hundred millionaire. And second, she's not the girl of my dreams. We're just friend. Look, it would not be smart if we got together. I mean, I'm looking to settle down. She's looking for...--- What? You done? Great. Check out table number four. See that little hottie on the end. She's short but has an ample bosom. I love it. She's like half-boob. Let's go.
 Yeah, and say what? What's our big opening line?--- Daddy's home.
 Daddy's home?--- Yeah.
 You want us to go over there right now and say to those girls, 'daddy's home.' Really think about that, Barney.--- Hm. Yeah, I think it's pretty solid.
 Oh, daddy's back. See, if you'd taken a moment to think about that...---  Then Daddy wouldn't have gotten this seven-digit Father's Day card from Amy, huh?
 That worked. I hate the world.--- Ted, your problem is all you do is think, think, think. I'm teaching you how to do, do, do.
 Doo-doo.--- Totally.
 So, I think a lot. I happen to have a very powerful brain. It can't be helped.--- Oh yes it can.
 Interesting--- Ted, I believe you and I met for a reason. It's like the universe was saying, hey, Barney, there's this dude, he's pretty cool but it's your job to make him awesome. Your brain screws you up, Ted. It gets in the way. It happened with Robin, it happened with half-boob. And it's gonna keep on happening until you power down that bucket of neuroses inebriation-style.
 So, what? You want me to do a sh*t.--- Oh no. I want you to do five shots.
 Barney, I think you've officially...--- No, don't think. Do.
 Even alcohol cannot stop this brain.--- I love it, I love it, I love it.
 Oh. --- No....Dammit.
 Oh, bad idea.--- No, no, that's a great idea. That's the whole point of getting drunk. You do things you would never do in a million years if you were sober.
 You'll get this back at the end of class.--- Ding, class dismissed. Here you go, kid, you call whoever you want.
 That girl in there is alive, right? Ted: I should call Barney, maybe he knows what happened.--- Hello.
 Why are you sleeping in our tub?--- The porcelain keeps the suit from wrinkling.
 Wait, were you here when I went to the bathroom in the middle of the night?--- Don't worry, I slept through it.  I totally didn't sleep through it. For a little girl, you've got a big t*nk.
 How did you get in here anyway? We put Ted to bed around one.--- Oh, you put Ted to bed all right.
 I'm back baby doll!--- Hey, hey hey hey, he rallies. And the night begins now.
 Hey, hey hey hey, he rallies. And the night begins now.--- All right, game face on. Carl, two more. All right, all right, what do we think of this one?
 I think....--- Ehhh! Trick question, no thinking. You know what time it is? It's do o'clock. Let's ride.
 Bring it.--- Have you met Ted?
 Excuse me.--- You're calling Robin.
 I'm calling Robin.--- Ted, as your mentor and spiritual guide, I forbid you from calling her.
 Oh yeah? What you gonna do?--- If you complete that call, I will set your coat on fire.
 You set me on fire.--- Real suede wouldn't have gone up so fast. You got robbed, this is a blend.
 And a pineapple. Am I the only one who's curious about the pineapple?--- Who is she?
 I have no idea.--- Nice.
 You really don't know who that is?--- No, after I hosed you down with a beverage g*n, I brought you back here.
 Barney, you've always taken care of me. You are a gentleman and a scholar. Go into my stable and take my finest stallion. He's yours, his name is Windjammer.--- Sleep it off, bra.
 Did you guys?--- Oh come on. You've gotta give me this one. Those five shots got you farther with Robin than your brain ever did. See what happens when you don't think? You do! More importantly, you do Robin. Come on.
 Still, what does this mean? Are we dating now? I mean, I never pictured it going down this way, but maybe that's how it had to happen. I mean, think about it...--- Someone get him a sh*t, he's thinking again.
 Wake her up and say what?--- Daddy's home.
 I know, it's two years of my life I'm never getting back. A little part of me just wants to jump the bones of the next guy I see.--- Daddy's home.
 Or the one after that.--- OK, fair enough. I've got to prove a point to a friend, so you just gave me your number and your name is Amy.
 OK, fair enough. I've got to prove a point to a friend, so you just gave me your number and your name is Amy.--- Ladies.
 Hey guys.--- Robin.
 Hi Robin.--- Top of the morning.
 I love to snack.--- I'm good.
