 Yup.--- Hanging out at a coffee place is not nearly as much fun as hanging out at a bar.
 That cute coffee girl wrote a heart by your name. Somebody has a crush on you.--- Somebody thinks you're me.
 Mine says "Ted," no heart.--- Mine says... "Swarley." How'd they get "Swarley" from "Barney"? It's not even a name. Who would ever be called "Swarley"? Oh, please don't start calling me "Swarley." This would never happen at a bar! 
 Hey, dude, by the way, I really like that suit. Tell me about the fabric. Is it foreign or something?--- Wow. It is foreign. I'm impressed, Ted. It's Moroccan, actually.
 I got a call for Swarley. Is there a Swarley here?--- You weren't interested in my suit at all, were you?
 Geez, can't you hear him, Swarley? There's a call for you.--- Stop calling me that.
 Hi.--- Hi.
 It's right back there. Right? Right? She's hot! And she likes me? She likes Italian food. I also like Italian food. She likes Billy Joel. I also like... music. And I think we're going to go out again.--- Dude, you gotta ditch her.
 Why?--- She's got the crazy eyes.
 What are you guys talking about, the crazy eyes?--- It's a well-documented condition of the pupils, or pupi.
 No. Just pupils.--- It's an indicator of future mental instability.
 You just can't see it because you're afflicted with "haven't been laid in a while" blindness.--- She was too far away in the coffee place, but when I saw her up close just now...
 Guys, I'm not going to stop dating Chloe just because you think she has the crazy eyes.--- You can keep going out with her, but you're gonna regret it. One time, I met a girl at this very bar. I saw that she had the crazy eyes... But I ignored it. And then, sure enough.
 Barney, can I ask you a question?--- Anything.
 Would you like to have a threesome?--- Of course.
 So, did you do it?--- No. It ended up being just a twosome with the third one watching from a chair.
 Which one were you?--- I'd rather not say.
 So, she's needy crazy. That's one of the worst kinds.--- I've had one of those. Makes up stories to get attention. Went out with her for three weeks, her dad died twice.
 Guys, she was really freaked out, okay? Maybe the story is true.--- What in the world would make you believe that's a true story?
 She's really hot.--- They always are.
 Yeah.--- Ned. I told you to call him Ned.
 What's up Swarlz?--- No. Okay? No. No more. I will not let this become a thing. It's over. No more Swarley. No Swarlz. No more Swar-lay. No more Swar... wait for it... ley. No more Bob Swarley, man. No more. No! It's over. Do you understand?
 Yes.--- Thank you. 
 Oh. For his date. Good for him. Hope he has a good time tonight.--- Relax, you've got nothing to worry about. The girl's crazy.
 Thanks!--- He'll just have wild monkey sex with her five times, max, and be done with her.
 Thanks again.--- What are you doing?
 And this next one's going out to Swarley. All your friends know you miss Barney, but he's gone, and you got to accept that, baby. And, Swarley, you're gonna be  a better woman for it. Here's "I Am Woman" by Helen Reddy.--- Ha-ha! Now I'm a woman. I love it! You know, I was thinking about this whole new name thing last night, and you know what I realized? I like it.
 You like being called Swarley?--- Are you kidding? I want you to call me that.
 Do you really think this is gonna work?--- Do I think what's gonna work? I'm just saying, I love my new name, so please only call me that from now on.
 Call you what?--- You know, that-that-that new name that you've been calling me.
 Say it.--- Why? You guys know what it is.
 Say the name.--- No, I don't want to! I hate it! I hate it! It's not funny! It's never been funny! I've never done any... No! 
 Okay, I ran it by the group, and we decided we're gonna give you a choice. We will agree to stop calling you Swarley, but instead, we'll call you Jennifer. Well?--- I'm thinking. How about this? On Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, you...
 It's nice to meet you, Roland. I'll see you guys later.--- Roland? Your name's Roland. That's funny, right? Rock and Roland. Warsaw is the capital of what? Roland. You're Monica Roland-ski. Hey, yeah, that's just how I Roland.
 Nice try, Swarley.--- Damn it.
