 I was working from home, because, you know, no distractions.--- This is incredible!
  Oh my God! I can't believe it!--- I have big news!
  Oh my God!--- Okay. My thing's pretty huge. But fine, you can go first.
 Okay, I just found out...--- I just find a porno starring Ted Mosby!
 What are you... What you're talking about?--- I'm talking about welcome to the sex plane, and look who plays the navigator, Ted Mosby 
 Oh my God. This totally explains the thing at my doctor's the other day.--- All right. Let's meet your new doppelganger. Or should I say doppel banger.
 This is really bizarre. The only other famous Mosby I know was a confederate general during the civil w*r.--- Probably not the same guy.
 Yeah, it really is.--- Oh, hey, hey-o. New guy entering the cockpit. Could it be the navigator, Ted Mosby.
 Uh, no. No, navigators have three stripes on their hats. Captains have four. That guy's a captain.--- Yeah, and I'm sure complete accuracy in all those details was very important to the directors... "Dirt and skank, the raunch brothers".
 Wow.--- And I found a porno starring Ted Mosby.
 Oh my God, that's amazing!--- I know, right?
 Oh, congratulations, Marshall!--- Congratulation for us all.
 Oh, let's go celebrate.--- The fact that I found a porno starring a guy named Ted Mosby... Let's do it!
 Apparently you can.--- Ted, Ted, Ted, guy in the hat! Three stripes, ladies and gentlemen, I give you Ted Mosby, p*rn star.
 I know what kind of plane this is. It's a "boing".--- See, this is way better than Marshall's intership.
 Oh yeah. A little bit. Yeah.--- More around the eyes.
 Ah, ah, very funny, Wendy. Now we know you watch p*rn.  This Ted Mosby must be getting kind of famous.--- Hmm. You're not wrong.  According to the web site, of the far superior Ted Mosby... he's been in the business three months, and he's made 125 movies.
[The Bar - All]--- Oh, he is good. Classic seduction technique.
 What do you mean?--- Oh, I use it all the time. First I buy her... and by her I mean you... a drink. Now, I'm the guy who gets her what she wants. Then I pretend to care about whatever idiotic thing she cares about. For you, that would be the enviroment. Now, I'm the great guy who shares her interests. And before you know it, you're naked in my apartment, shouting "oh-oh Bar-r-r-ne-e-y"! And by you, I mean her.
 He is not trying to seduce me. He didn't even offer me the job.--- That comes later. At dinner. He did invite you to dinner, didn't he?
 Oh, you should go. I mean, you're not gonna take the job, but you might as well get a great meal out of the deal.--- Don't wait up.
 Hmm. Wait, are you telling me that they actually have conventions for p*rn?--- Affirmative. Or to put in another way... God bless America.
