 I have a tattoo!--- oh, that's not a tattoo. That, dear boy, is a tramp stamp!
 Dr Stella Zinman. She's the best in the business. And she's rather cute in fact. In fact... we're going to a movie together tonight.--- what?
 Ted, why would you do that?--- what's matter with you?
 What? What do you mean?--- Dude... don't poop where you eat.
 and in this case, you're paying them... then yes, it counts.--- You've heard of the golden rule, right? "love their neighbor?"
 uh, actually, it's "do unto others as you would have them do unto you." It's from the bible.--- Damn it Ted, i've worked out this whole thing where the golden rule is "love thy neighbor", ok?... Now the golden rule is "love thy neigbor". But, there's one rule above it: the platinum rule: "never ever, ever, ever, love thy neighbor."
 Oh, yeah, and remember what happened with us and the gerards across the hall?--- Need i remind you about me and Wendy the waitress?
 yeah, i don't have time for this. I'm out the door as soon as i'm finished with my hair.--- good, then we've got a solid half hour. And in that time, we will convince you not to set foot out that door. It's a story older than time, my friend, and it always plays out in the same eight steps. Step 1: Attraction.
 good, then we've got a solid half hour. And in that time, we will convince you not to set foot out that door. It's a story older than time, my friend, and it always plays out in the same eight steps. Step 1: Attraction.--- It's true.
 That's not even possible.--- 12 of them.
 Here's your gin and tonic.--- Thanks.
[Present- The apartment]--- But you know better. You've seen your friends make the same mistakes before. You've laughed smugly at them. Idiots! But still, you think, "this is different. The platinum rule doesn't apply to me." And that step 2! Bargaining.
 we're not gonna date them. We're just gonna be friends with them.--- That's the couples version of dating.
 And you've got the couples version of the hots for them. Oh, yeah, you want to browse at pottery barn with them. You want to go antiquing with them, don't you? Oh, yeah, you want to antique the crap out of them.--- Need i remind you what happened with me and Wendy the waitress?
[2005- The bar- All]--- I've decided to seduce Wendy the waitress.
 No! Don't do it!--- Request denied! What rule is there that say's i can't seduce the waitress at my favorite bar?
 Yeah, with some sort of catchy name.--- Well, i don't. I don't have one and i never will be because it's a great idea. Come on, guys! She's gullible. I'm bored. We're perfect for each other.
 Don't k*ll the bar, dude.--- yeah, well... I think it'll be okay.
[How i met your mother - Credits]--- Ted, trust me. You don't want to do this.
 We're just seeing a movie. If it seems at all weird, i'll back off.--- That's what everyone thinks and then along comes step 3: Submission.
 That's what everyone thinks and then along comes step 3: Submission.--- Good night!
 Hey Barney! Carl had to take off. You mind giving me a hand?--- Not at all.
 That was an intersting use of the beverage g*n.--- Club soda can get anything off.
 It finally happened, all this time, every drink i brought you... I always felt there was this unspoken connection between us. And i was right!--- hey, can i get a gin and tonic?
 See, i bet you didn't pay for that gin and tonic.--- oh, i paid for it.
 But you got to admit, there is an upside to breaking the platinum rule. Like maybe as her boyfrien, i could get a discount on treatments.--- Oh, Ted, of course there's an upside. At first, that's step 4: Perks.
 we can split a cab to work together. We always have a standing lunch date. And last night, at the hockey game, Curt got us into the locker room, and i met Mason Raymond. Left wing for the Vancouver canucks.--- What the opposite of name-dropping?
 Come on people, get excited for us! We've got a great thing going here.--- That's what i thought.
 Dude, you got to flick it.--- you don't have... 
 Hi, sweetie. I had the kitchen whip these up, no charge. --- Come on, guys, free nachos. What?
 You're k*ll the bar.--- I'm not k*ll the bar. Wendy the waitress has seen how i operate in this place. It is perfectly clear to everyone involved that this is nothing more than a temporary fling.  It's fiiine.
 But it wasn't.--- Which brings us to step 5: THE TIPPING POINT.
 on my suggestion, you... --- hey, Wendy, uh, do me a favor and send a glass of champagne to that pretty young girl over there.
 What? --- over there... YOU... you're the pretty young thing...is what i meant. Champagne? Would you? on me.
 Oh, okay, thanks sweetie. --- okay. All right.
[Present day- The apartment]--- And so, inevitably, you have to do the thing you've been dreading all along. Now, a relationship-ectomy is a delicate surgery as it is, but in the case of the platinum rule, it takes a very, very steady hand, and that's step 7: CONFRONTATION.
 Yeah, listen i'm leaving so if you want to write the rest of these down, i will read it tomorrow.--- Don't do this Ted.
 Dude! ya! It was perfect! You're such a jerk!--- Which brings us to step 6. You finally realize you've made a huge mistake and now you have to live with it. Step 6 is called purg... wait for it. Keep waiting. Keep waiting for the eternity only to dicover there's no escap-atory.
 Ro! we are such idiots!--- Yeah!
 "Hey neighbor!" "Hey, neighbor""Hey neighbor."--- I remember that.
[2005 -The bar- All]--- How could you guys let me date Wendy the waitress?
 We said "don't do it!"--- tss 
 You've got a whole meat locker at home full of corpses, don't you?--- Now look at me. Declawed. Neutered. What was once my jungle is now my zoo and i am forced to mate with the same old lioness again, and again, and again while families pay to watch.
 yeah, this metaphor's really falling apart.--- Put a bell around my neck and scratch my belly kids, for i am just a docile housecat now. Miaou!
[The bar -Barney/Wendy]--- I don't like you.
 We're getting a little sick of charades.--- I mean, i don't like you that way. I used to like you that way but now that i've seen everything there is to see, i don't know, i kind of want to see those same parts just on other girls.
 Maybe we should just go back to being neighbors.--- other girls and you, if you're into that but the other girls have to be there, too. That's the important part.
 Gosh, you're just terrified of ever getting close to anyone, aren't you?--- or that. Let's say it's that. So can i get a gin and tonic?
[Present day]--- And in any other relationship, that would be it. End of story. But because you have to see this person again, there's a step 8: FALLOUT.
 Barney, i just want you to know, i have no hard feelings. It wasn't the best idea for us to get involved. I hope we can still be friends.--- Thanks Wendy. Of course we can.
 waouh. I've got to hand it to Wendy the waitress that was very mature of her.--- She's gonna try to k*ll me. This is poisoned.
 What? You're being ridiculous.--- Yours is poisoned too. She's trying to k*ll me and everyone close to me.
 What are you talking about?--- Ted! Look at the facts. I dump her and she says "no hard feelings". She's a psycho! What other explanation is there?
 Uh, that you're letting yourself believe she's crazy so you don't have to face the far more likely possibility that she doesn't want to date you either?--- Where did Marshall get that hamburger?
 Dude.--- You're welcome.
 Wait a second. You've been sitting here, pretending to be the expert on all this, but the truth is, this was no real fallout from your breakup at all?--- Yet.
 All right, i'm taking off.--- What?
 You're such a jerk!--- Ted, have you not been listening? Attraction, bargaining, submission, perks, tipping point, purgatory, confrontation, fallout! These things will all happen to you as surely as they happened to all of us! It's a rule of nature.
 Apparently, there's a rule that says i can't date Stella.--- Exactly, the platinum rule. Stella reads my blog.
 On the house.--- Thanks.  Crazy!
