Now kids, the spring of 2008 was a complicated time in your old man's life. The last time I had seen Barney was shortly after I found out he has spent the night with Robin.---Are you saying you don't wanna be bros anymore?
It's Barney. Dude, seriously you need to stop calling me.---Ted, I'm sorry, I haven't returned your calls.
Yeah I never called you, you called me fifteen times and my parents twice.---I'm sorry, I gotta let you go. It's just too many good wingmen out there. Ted are you crying?
No I'm not.---Sh! Let it out, let it out.
Hey Barney, new sky mall come in. So worldaround blog's fear is you are looking for a new wingman. I wanna let you know, I'm available. Just the say the word, or don't even say the word. Just do something with you eyebrow. Was that it?---No offence Randy, but there is a long list of candidats for this slot. This slot is for vice president of awesome. And you are like assistant under secretary of only ok.
So uncle Barney began to search for a new wingman.---Pitt, Barney Stinson!
Hey! I haven't been calling you, it has been a while.---Yeah. Yeah. So, listen you should meet me in McLaren's tonight.
You never gonna believe this. I'm at the hospital. Just had a baby daughter.---So what do you think? 9:30 or 10 o'clock?
So what do you think? 9:30 or 10 o'clock?---Starry Porten, Barney Stinson.
What up, chef?---I need a new bro, what do you say?
Dude, I'do love to but now I'm bro with Duck Stan.---Oh, I understand. Duck Stan is a good bro. I'm happy for you. Best of luck.
Oh, I understand. Duck Stan is a good bro. I'm happy for you. Best of luck.---Crazy Willie! Barney Stinson.
What up B dog, long time no bro, so are we gonna tire it up tonight or what?---Yes finally!
Hello?---Hanging up on you once wasn't enough.
adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});---Hey, Randy. Could you come here for a minute? Good news. I'm calling you up to the majors. Starting tomorrow night, how would you like to be my new wingman?
What up bro-seph Lieberman?---No, uh-uh. Randy, we never use the word "bro" in the name of a failed Democratic vice presidential candidate.
Goodbye "Geraldine Ferrar-bro".---You know what? I'm excited about this, Randy. You will be my next masterpiece. It's like with Ted. When I first met him, he was an even bigger loser than you.
What a loser.---But tonight, I'm going to make you the greatest wingman in the history of wingmen.
Oh, it's gonna be easier than you think, bro. Yeah. I've been reading your blog for years. You are like a God to me. That's why tonight is going to be legendary... wait for it... dary.---Oh, okay, Randy, let's do this.
Ok.---You ready?
Yes. No, no, no, no, no, no!---What? What's the matter?
Nothing, let's do this. No, no, no, no, no, please, please, please! Just wait, just wait, just wait, just wait!---Randy what are you doing?
Dripping with game, that's what i'm doing. Okay let's go. No. Yes. No! Randy listen to me: you can do this okay? Ok. I don't know. Are thos girls really that hot? Yes, they're hot. Let's do this. Okay!---
