ed's friends are in McClaren's.---I'm not impressed by the talent here tonight. And more I drink, the less it is attractive. I'm a whiskey and Coke in the Cantina scene in Star Wars.
And those girls over there? They are cannon.---Absolutely not.
Barney, they are canon.---There is so much to learn. You are only victims of...the effect cheerleaders. Good question. The effect cheerleading is when a group of women air cannon, but only in groups. As with the cheerleaders. They look like cannon, but take them individually? Cod.
Anything.---Look at it carefully. Individually.
Yeah, really cute.---And this, my friends, is "the effect cheerleaders." Also known as the paradox of a bridesmaid syndrome sorority, and for a brief moment in the 90s, the conspiracy of the Spice Girls.Scary Spice, indeed. Barney Stinson. OK.Understood. Great, we remember.
What?---Apparently, I'll be a father.
You're gonna be a father? How will it happen?---It's a girl I plugged in a few weeks ago. It is not certain.She sees the doctor tomorrow.
That may be a false alarm. It is perhaps not pregnant.---No part of Barney Stinson does not run at less than 110%. If one of my Michael Phelps escaped, he swims for gold. It's a nightmare. I want no children. How can want to have children without being mad?
arney is in a church, and pray.---God? It's me, Barney. Are you okay? I know we will not speak often, a bunch of girls said your name on my account. Great. But, God... If you could get out of there, I swear I'll never, never... never, never, never... Wait, man. Barney to the device.Really?
t happens in Marshall's office.---Good news! I'm not a father!
Congratulations, buddy.---This is the best time of my life, Marshall. What I feel in having no children? I have never thought something like it as much. That's why I created a public holiday. Now, today is "Day of Non-fathers."
You create a holiday?---Why not? Everyone has one: mothers, fathers, soldiers. Why not a day for singles who like it?
Hello, Stinson.---Hi. How are the children?
I'm not sorry. I'm just disappointed.---That's it!
arney and Marshall are in the conference room.---The No-Fathers Day is a success! Laraby Finklestein and help me celebrate. Matt. Mugs "Best Non-Father of the world." There... T-shirts "Who is your daddy? "Available on fetedesnonperes.com. Looking greeting cards.
"For everything you do for your pear, for all the tape on your desk, on the road darkens your Porsche Carrera, I wish you... a night of threesome. Happy Birthday Non-Fathers. "---Look at the illustration.
It looks like an Asian hooker.---Because at the Non-Fathers Day, you have a Thai girl you a blowjob. Tope, puns!
Do not depict me as a monster for wanting to remain independent. In there is a lot of people who do not want it.---My brother, lay your hand on the box tops and repeat after me. Me, the false name you give to women.
I, Johnny Banana.---Swear to always choose the wet t-shirts to wet diapers.
Super.---Welcome to our fraternity of non-paternity. In is one of ours.
t the bar...---Guys, you did not... This is a picture of me without children. And with macaroni glued to the frame. Guys, I love it.
t the bar, Barney joined Ted and Robin to the table.---The last great idea for Fathers Day-No, a pregnancy test, but instead of a blue line, there is a small blue Barney who does that.
Day of Non-Fathers, it sucks. It's a feast for the losers.---What are you talking? This is a good group of friends.
This is the effect cheerleaders.---No, Ted. It works for girls.
ed and Robin out of the bar, leaving Barney alone.---Sock.
arney sings karaoke.---"And the cat is in the cradle and the silver spoon Little Boy Blue and the Man on the Moon. When are you going back home, Dad? I do not know when we're together then, son I know we will have a good time. "
