ENERIC---I want to take this moment.
Which one?---The last time you and I are just competing for the title of best friend Ted.
Marshall is my best friend.---Exactly. Draw. But it's all about to change. Is it correct that you are an architect?
My best friend does not, but still.---You draw what now?
No, not the New York Public Library. This is the library Nouillorc, in Dakota. Their books are in two parts: fishing and not fishing.---I think you'll love what's happened at work.
Who's going to draw?---That was my first question.
lashback---Bilson, with all due respect... it would be terrible if a job that would suit American architects was relevant to a band of French. Where is our patriotism? Love of country? Our love of all that...
"It is not a company. It is a collective. "---I know. "We're Swedish. It's so cool with our baguettes and our Eiffel Tower. "
Sweden, this is not France. You know that?---It's France. No matter, I told Bilson...
nd flashback---And then you throw the bodies of cans at pigeons.
Listen, Stinson, no one hates all the other countries of the world than me, but you have arguments?---Yes. I know a great American architect who would be perfect. Ted Mosby.
You realize what a hero I'd be if I brought this project to my box?---It's not the best. We three, we'll work together.
Ted will come to call.---Yes, totally.
What is it?---It works like this: one of us goes into the office the other and said...
arshall is in his office with two men. Barney comes to see.---Marshall, the teleconference begins soon.
Sorry, I gotta go.---And then you go up on the roof... and drink beer.
It's great. Drinking at work.---Basically, it is of "Mad Men."
Yes! There is too much "Mad Men"!---I'll spank a secretary.
That's exactly what they would do in this series.---What series?
I love to do that.---I will realize your dream.
Okay, be cool with me. This is a first draft.---Ted, it's incredible. Detail. Shadows. The liveliness of the lines. This is exactly what Princess Leia would look like, topless.
My way of saying thank you. Okay, you wanna see my designs for the building?---No, that's fine.
No thank you... drag ignorant.---Lily Aldrin, little secretive. For years, I say that our gang needs a Woo, and thou hast hid me in a whole herd.
You do not need a Woo. Nobody needs it.---Attention Lily. The world badly needs the Woos. If there were not Woos, there would not Girls Gone Wild, no bachelor party girl, no pool bar in Las Vegas... all the things you hold dear would not exist.
None of this stuff...---Industry sh**t memories would collapse. Just like the glitter body and that of Hummer limos. The mini cowboy hats would be worn by the little cowboys. And when "Brown Eyed Girl" happen on a jukebox, you do not hear... that silence. And "Brown Eyed Girl." But who would Woo, Lily?Who would woo? Would you? You'd... Woo?
Wooo!---Well you'll excuse me, I have a date with Bataille and Fontaine.
Hey, Barney! Give me the good news.---You did not have.
What?---Those guys were morons. Of course, they had cool ideas... really cool ideas. In fact, I wonder if it's not too late...The fact is: you have the job.
I can not believe I had not. I thought I had hit the nail. Why did they choose Sven?---I've done everything to change their minds. But they did not budge. I'm sorry.
I think I need it.---Finish Your Beer. Fill the machine.
arney is in the meeting room.---It's okay. All withdrawals at ATMs are free.
You wanna tell me something?---Good grief. I told Heather to put everything back as it was on your desk.
Bilson told me he wanted to give the job to Ted.What has happened?---Okay.
ed leaves the room.---So?
It was great. I like it.---It looks like we had our man. I not think there need to see...
I'm Sven Jorgensen. With me, there's Pilsen and Sven Sven Johanssen, and it is... Sven! You are the Goliath National Bank. You are at the forefront. You are new and fresh.Women want to be with you, men want to hurt you, but the fool who dares challenge you will be crushed! Your home office will show the world these facts. And one more thing... Do not look now! Who is Barney Stinson, the head of the Research Committee?---Oh, my God. It's me!
You, Barney Stinson, are a man of power and virility.Your office will be here in the head of Tyrannosaurus.---I've never known so far, but I've always wanted.
On your desktop rosewood Honduras, there is this button.---What does this button?
arney supports and fire proceeds from the mouth of the dinosaur.---It's building the coolest of the universe. It could not be more awesome.
What is your problem? This is the big break of Ted!You have betrayed to work in the brain of a Tyrannosaurus, which, incidentally, if you knew the dinosaurs is very, very small.---It's not my office. The building was well Ted. That of Sven was better. And I will not let the fact that I am the best friend of Ted influence business.
You have not chosen one of Sven because he was better. You wanted an office dinosaur.---It's a lie! I chose it because it... He breathes fire, Marshall.
"Fire Marshall".---I have not even paid attention.
How could you do that to Ted after all that happened with Stella? You are an egoist.---I never made a career choice by selfishness. I am a professional. Go. Spend a good day, drunk, and throw the bodies of the pigeons.
No. For two reasons. A, pigeons are smarter than you think. They are resentful. And two, it's our last conference call, Mr. Stinson. There are repercussions to ride a friend.---Like what?
arney is still on the roof but Sven had joined him.---That's great, Sven. You are so much cooler than Marshall. He has not even mix. Who wants a foam?
I do not understand. Where is the call?---It's the call. Got it? In America, when we work late, you lie on a conference call, and here we ascend a few beers. It's great.
What hat?---It turned Sven.
Really?---The committee realized he had erred. In addition, you are precious to them and they want you to be happy.
It's weird.---Your plans were the best and you deserve it. You should know one thing that you did not get the job early. You see, Ted...
It was Bilson. Bilson wanted to have a head office in the dinosaur, Barney convinced him that it was really, really stupid.---You know...
Thank you, Barney. I believe it. I brought in my box the largest contract that she had. Wooo! The next is for me.---Why you helped me?
You did the right thing. You got a well deserved boost. And then it would have disappointed Ted, and it is finally... very happy for the moment.---You are truly the best friend Ted. And me too. Tie.Thank you, Marshall.
I love you, man.---Me too, buddy.
You mount the bull?---No, even if you pay me. I have an inner ear problem.
e falls down and the bull.---That's right, girls.
