 What are you doing?--- In a few minutes, the young me your time will enter through this door. I know it sounds crazy, but to save the planet, you have to sleep with him tonight.
Barney enters the bar.--- Vive la vodka.
 My God, you are... ho, my God! I offer you a drink?--- I guess I have time for a drink and 45 minutes to an hour for other activities, but after that, I must return to the top secret research project I'm working on.
 Global warming?--- My God! How do you know that?
 It's good enough!--- It does not stop a fight between girls! Ever!
Barney reaches a bottle in his hand.--- This is the man of the evening. It's time to let the monster out of his cage!
 No.--- Come on, man. People want to see Bruce Banner.They want Hulk. What?
 It's true. We live.--- You're going to seriously continue to wear this hat?
Then Barney.--- What?
 Specifically, those with fire.--- The magic tricks? Guys, interventions are meant to help people, not to address every aspect you do not like.Sorry, but it warms me. It makes me boil! I mean, I am filled with a burning rage!  Thanks! Oh, shit.
 Stella.--- "I can not remain indifferent... "
 You kept it on you?--- Please. "I can not remain impassive while you make the biggest mistake a man can do... get married. Keep my words, it will all part... "Flames! Oh, shit! I sent the flame too soon. I had so many important things to say, and... The fact is, Ted, marriage is stupid. Each year there are a million girls aged 22, sexy, who go to bars and call me, "glass half full", but I think they become beasts.
 Even you, you will meet more girls in 22 years when you get 80.--- I meet this challenge.
 What challenge?--- Prove that I will be just as great at 80. I'll go out with a girl of 22 years with my old man makeup.
 You're cute. How old are you?--- 83 years. How old are you?
 Oh, my God!--- I think someone owes me $ 200.
 Amazing.--- It's amazing.
 Not at all.--- I would much Red Bull.
 I will get my problem.--- You're going to get my boat?
