Christmas 2006...--- If I could see her naked. If I could see her naked. If I could see her naked. And fours.
Christmas 2007...--- Ted has a little sister who is so playful every day. And if I meet with her breasts, I will play! Little sister, Little Sister!What? I can also celebrate Hanukkah.
 It's still him. I should answer. Hello, Barney.--- Hi. What are you doing tonight?
 Incredibly gay.  Dude, quail out there.--- Why, hello. I was expecting you.
 One second. It is not our chair. You've made yourself?--- I needed one that rotates.
 Do not tell me anything! You know I can not keep secrets if it's almost Christmas! Robin offers you an iPod!--- Can I talk to one second in the kitchen? Not touch the chair. I praise him. I can not believe that thou hast hid thy sister all these years.
 Really? You're like "Weird Al" Yankovic to write that song on how to jump my sister.--- First, I'm flattered. Then it's just jokes. A friend can joke on a friend's sister. Does not mean I'm going to act.
 I love my sister, and as a big brother, it's my job to protect guys like you.--- You do not trust me?
 No. And it either.--- Okay. All right. I'll just... take my chair and leave.
 Wait... Rest... Back... Lily and I were dining out with Heather Sunday. Want to go?--- I have already called to add a person.
 You really can not tell Lily.--- No, nothing really...
Lily, Barney and Ted are the sister restaurant.--- I'll take the vichyssoise with a hint of cream. Dairy ballonnent me.
 Let me think.--- It, it means he will not.
 We'll talk later, OK?--- You do not have any illusions.
 You're my sister.--- There he just says the obvious.
 I just think you have no idea of the difficulty of succeeding in New York.--- Exactly. Do you need relationships. If only Ted knew someone who works at, say... Goliath National Bank, then...expect. What? I work for Goliath National Bank. Incredible!
 My God!--- Before you say or do something, give me a favor.
 What?--- Move away. It's a Prada.
Ted and his sister are in McClaren's with Lily and Barney.--- I think your prospects are good for GNB. U you have shown me that you can take any position.
 This is the new coasters?--- I hope you get the job. Nothing makes me happier than to fill an opening.
 OK, enough! I can not believe you hast slept with my sister!--- You've sneaked?
 Come on. Lily saw you.--- Oh yeah?
Heather and Barney's Barney's office and get naked.--- You see, Ted, you have so little faith in me and Heather...
... That we decided to show you what you expect from us.--- And as we can count on Lily to sneak.
 Because you deserve it.--- Ted, you know, I'm not a saint. And yes, it is true that the times I drove your mother at the airport, say that there has been a... sexually confused and confusing time in the parking lot, but I said I draguerai not your sister, and I thought. You should have me believe.
 You're so convinced that I am still a teenager out of control, you forgot that I grew up. I'll find a hotel. I will take my business later. Merry Christmas.--- Your mother and I, we kissed.
