But... you are an inspiration to us all, you are so dedicated and linked. I look at you, and that's all I want in the world.---There are two students out, and they look easy!
Arizona... You know... I always wanted to see what looks like a license in Arizona.---I already did that. 21 years.
You have a group? We will perhaps see you.---Excuse me one second. What is your problem? We will not see them play.
Why?---If you go see them, it is not better than blondes showing their tits at a concert by Van Halen.
Yes, but these girls they sleep with Van Halen after?---If you want to sleep with Van Halen, do it on your spare time. We're not guys who-could-come-you-see. It is the other guys, those older, who ever came and whose recognition is required.
We are their fathers?---Exactly. This is a great meeting, I think that we can come. Another time, girls.
If you want to see us afterwards, we can exchange our numbers.---Excuse us a minute. Have you gone crazy? We do not want their numbers.
I know not what I was doing. I had panic there.---Qua na you exchange a number, you give him the opportunity to call to cancel. If you give a number without an appointment, they must come. Checkmate! No number, just my fingers. Truck.
hey go back again.---Why not arrange to meet you here tomorrow night to 22h.
I think it will snow. What do we do if there is a blizzard?---Whatever happens, we will be there.
That's all "ski" account.---Sorry one last time.
What is the problem here?---Well done.
Thank you.---At tomorrow night.
he two women leave.---'Definitely. Great! "Dude, these students seem stupid.
Bluntly.---Awesome. Here's the thing: tomorrow night, dress up well, it will move!
We would still have had to make their numbers.---You always imagine the worst. Ted, I promise, everything will be okay. It begins to snow.
It's really bad outside. They will not.---But if it will come. It has to. If I can touch one of those girls, I get a "Bingo party student." Come on, Ted. You're the only one here.
Sorry, a "Bingo party student"?---Every year, Playboy publishes a list of the best student parties in the country. I take the top 25, and I do... a bingo card. All I need now that Arizona Tech, which is crazy. In a contest, it would be given automatically.
How many people are on this festive bingo student?---Just me.
What is the purpose then?---The goal is to make it five in a row.
And you got what, if you succeed?---I have a bingo.
No! It is only 21h.---And it rocks here, yo!
I'm really sorry, but I have to install beds in the church. It becomes a refuge, snowy nights.---selfish bastard! There are two cannons girls who come to us here.
You two? Impossible. You ignore the low bar.---Serve the g*n first?
There should be a bar.---Of course, we should have a bar!
You really should have a bar.---It really should have a bar.
Our bar would be great.---And dude, dude, dude, dude... The name of our bar will be... Puzzles. People will, "Why Puzzles? "That's the puzzle.
That's... a great name for a bar! And also, Puzzles: no nightcap.---No nightcap!
Except where everyone ended up spending the best night of his life, then we put the chairs on the tables and pulled out the margarita fountain.---There should be a bar.
Barman. Triple Sec.---It happens, keep tap. We will buy one.
ed slides the glass on the counter but Barney does not catch up.---Served.
Reminds me of when I was sledding with my father... before he leaves.---And prem's.
It is the intention of getting drunk. Really get drunk.As my father did.---Prem's, prem's prem's.
There's no sink. And you get out of the kitchen.---Is there anything in a gin and tonic? There's what in a gin and tonic?
Hold a bar, it sucks. Is closed.---No nightcap! Puzzles, Barney here.
Well, you're still there. I arrive in 5 minutes.---Last glass.
arney makes people out of the bar.---Okay, go. You are not obliged to return, but you can not stay. I always wanted to say that. I mean, in a bar. I say all the time with me.
We said no last drink. We must do.---We should do what? Carl will be there from one moment to another.
Caring for a bar, it's boring. We should stick to what we know.---We should start a band.
Guys, this festival is great! You are true friends of Hens fighting. If necessary, do not hesitate to ask.---The flute section does she see anyone?
This is a great band name. Have you seen Amanda?---Bingo!
