ed, Barney and Marshall are at McClaren's and Lily joined them.---I heard a joke at work.
Come on. She will not like it. It's funny for the guys, not girls.---It's sexist! When it's funny, it's funny. Lily's cool. She'll love it.
Tell it.---Ready? What is the difference between jam and Nutella? It's funny.
ily leaves the bar.---Come on. It's funny. This is...
I told you so.---She'll be back.
arney comes to see that Marshall is in his office.---You know for layoffs?
Yes, I know. I tag. Are you worried?---Are you kidding? I know one thing about this company. I will never be fired. It is likely that one day I was stranded on a beach with no footprints or teeth, but I will not fire.
I would like to have your insurance.---You just gotta find a way to make you absolutely critical.
I work harder than anyone in my division.---Keep your job has nothing to do with being a hard worker. You need something.
What do you mean something?---You know, something that makes you funny and loved, as Marcus Denisco.
I love Chow-man. They can not fire him. You know what I like about Chow-man?---It's always food.
It's always food.---You see? You need it. You need that thing that makes you a man.
I have this thing that makes me a guy. Maybe even a guy and a half.---Not this stuff. You know, something. Toy-like man.
That's great!---Claw tape!
I love Toy-man.---You see? You need something. Youtube-like man.
You're right. I need something.---But choose wisely. You want to become the horrible man Massage.
arshall and Barney are in the conference room.---You filled it. Grub-man has a panna cotta in his office.
Okay, but PJ does not help.---If Ted says that PJ is necessary to society, then PJ will go nowhere.
You see? It is useful.---PJ is a guy? PJ, this is not a hottie you f*ck?
No, I guide him.---A Guide. I guided a young, once. I made him my co-pilot. Then one day, he hired an assistant to work 3 meters from her room, which... Check it out... is not a hottie, proving he has never listened. You know how to call this type?
Ted Mosby?---Maybe. I remember more. Because for me he is dead!(He rises) PJ will receive a mail with a disruptive place, it should in any circumstances be three days and then send it to me.
I thought of something to become indispensable.The Ecolo-man! Everyone loves recycling, eh?---Fired. What else you got?
I have others. Ties-Fun-man.---Fired.
Info-Unusual-man?---Did you know? Whether you're fired?
Stretch-man?---upside down Viré.
The Monty-Python-man?---We are the knights who say... You're fired.
Wait! I ran a simulation league baseball in school.---Not bad. You got maybe something.
Great! Great! I Simulates-man!---Actually, you'll Sports-man. We have already Simulates-man.
OK, guys?---Hi, Frank.
arshall is in his office when Barney comes to see.---Sports-man. I heard people talking about your club.
Really, dude, I know not how long I'll keep.---Last week you were a waste that nobody was looking.Now you're Sports-man.
A waste?---Last week!
This is our apartment. You let a cake on the counter, Mama's going to offer a slice.---I've told you, commits a pretty assistant with whom you can sleep instead of hiring an assistant with whom Robin sleeps. Of course he'll sleep with her. It is the coolest on the planet. I am off topic! You're an idiot! This is my message!You're an idiot! An angry person, that's not enough! Marshall with me!
Dude, why are you so upset that Ted does not sleep with the people he hires?---Because it hurts!
How so?---It hurts because I love... when Ted... layer with women. I am a very devoted friend! Lily is the only one I can talk. Tell him to talk to me.
I'll try, but no warranty. She is still shocked by this joke. This joke. It tore our group, which turns the people I love against the other. Frankly, I would... I would like this joke is never entered our lives.---It's funny anyway, right?
You do not use this short-stop that the Mariners have discussed. I must have.---You see, Sports-man. People adore you.
Apparently, Robin and PJ are together again.---You're kidding!
How are you?---As Lily not speaking to me, I must tell you something.And it's not easy to say, OK? I... wait... 'm... wait... love...wait... of... wait... a... wait... some... wait...
I know you're in love with Robin.---What?
Lily told me.---She told you? Great. I guess you marrez my back all this time.
Actually, oddly, we both think you're meant for each other.---Really?
It even tries to sit on the same side for you to sit side by side.---Really? This is so cute. But let's be clear. I do not like it, OK? It's just that... I miss when she is not there. I think about her all the time, I guess one day we will run towards each other in slow motion and I wear a suede jacket.
Tell her how you feel?---No. Perhaps. Ever. I know not. Listen... I just need to get rid of that idiot PJ. If Lily was there, she would know how to get rid of him.
I can perhaps help you.---You're not Lily. Lily is a diabolical puppet master, the subtle situations to achieve its ends. This is evil incarnate. You have the right. Cling to it.
I'll find something.---Hire the kid as his assistant. He does all the work and you're still Sports-man. Evil incarnate, Eriksen. Evil incarnate.
Hey, Chow-man!---Hey, Toy-man!
Who's this guy?---He is not here. I think we should leave.
Really?---It's happened before.
