arshall and Barney gets up applauding.---Well played, sir.
I think you've been great.---I would say even more. You, sir, did think Stella. "Ted looked so cool now. Do I chose the wrong? "Wait a week. The bush on the back. And belly. Have you felt that? There was an earthquake "Tope-there".
Tony is rich? Tell me that you wrote a check. Tell me that you did a very big check. So big that he not remove his shirt to go swimming.---It's a very big check. IF big, that if you sleep with, you would not tell your friends.
It's...---A very big check!
I will not be a professor. That's what you do when your career is in trouble and you have to pay the bills. Manager of small business. The lung of the economy. I will not take this job, okay? I'll get through. New topic.---Okay. Today, I had a $ 200 fine for speeding.
That sucks, dude. You did not manage to blow it up?---You can not blow a fine.
nd flashback---Excuse me. I left something in New Jersey.
Handling a police officer with your sausage. It's sexy.---You think I can not blow a fine? You think I can not blow my fine? I am Barney Stinson, master of manipulation. If I managed to make me pay for a stripper to dance, I can blow a fine. Challenge accepted... wait.
arney is driving his car.---Let's go.
Driver and vehicle registration.---Of course, officer. On.
Sir, this is a gift certificate for a custom Italian suit.---So, what's good?
arney arrives at the bar.---$ 375! And he kept the gift certificate. Emilio and I'll call him tell him to shorten the crotch.
You're wrong about that, man.---Anything, Robin. Like you've already blown a fine.
hile the others are at the bar, Barney is in his car and is still off.---Come on. Mr. Officer, please, my wife is having a baby! She just lost the waters!
Where is your wife?---She took the other car. It's Italian leather, so... I... go...
arney is stopped on the roadside.---OK, you can do it. You can do it! You can do it.
Driver and...---Licensing and registration papers.
Pardon?---You must have a permit to be as pretty. And this body? I imagine that something as expl*sive must be registered with the authorities.
Exit the vehicle.---Why, am I under arrest?
It's from a porno. I saw him. Shit, I did.---When will you understand the difference between my life and a porno is that my life has better lighting.
You're lying.---I'm not lying! I swear on my mother. I swear Goliath National Bank. I swear on my costumes. I... do... mens... not.
ed's phone rings.---It's me! This is Barney. With the help! I have big problems!
Slow down. What's going on?---I imagine that something as expl*sive must be registered with the authorities.
Get out.---Why, am I under arrest?
Yes, I did a search. You have 15 offenses of the past three days. Exit the vehicle.---No, my wife will give birth! I have a sausage with your name!
Get out!---You must come to Brazzaville, in New Jersey to take me out.
I'm a little busy.---Come on. You have no idea what kind of criminals with whom they put me.
Let's get our painting?---Save me, Ted!
tella in the car...---By the way, how's the girl you see? This superb French with huge tits?
You talk about Claudette? She is fine.---The highest good of all those with whom you're never out! Ever!
n McClaren's...---She was found two days later, in the directory. I've never put my name in my underwear.
ily joined them.---You're back!
When listening to this joke of peanut butter and jam, I was completely disgusted. But this morning in the shower, I thought about it and it made me laugh. Peanut butter. So I think I could win. According to Marshall.---It's good to see you, Lily.
Thank you. So what's new?---I'm in a world of amnesia with lots of pictures of my son and an alliance. I will find the best woman / woman and we will...
