n 2008... The band is at McLaren's.---Your girlfriend? This is your girlfriend!? It is small and it's your friend? Do not humanize the enemy. But, delighted.
arshall, Lily, Barney, Ted and Robin are at the apartment of the latter.---Come on. Open it. It's p*rn collection! Just kidding. It would be weird.
It's your p*rn collection.---This is my collection of p*rn! I offer you my p*rn. Now that it goes really well with Robin, I need more.
This is obvious.---What does that mean?
Nothing, it's just, you know, you have love handles.---What?! I have no love handles. This is ridiculous.
He really is growing at a time.---We gotta go. Goodbye, my dear friends. You were always there for me. We will miss you.
ArchiSexture.---If you watch this tape, and I knew it... is that you are in possession of all my p*rn. It can only mean two things, either I'm dead or I'm in a committed relationship. If I died, I want you honor my memory by taking my body in the Hamptons and recreating Weekend at Bernie. I want to dance. I want to make love. And I want to go fishing. If, on the other hand, I'm in a relationship, as best friend, I have one favor to ask. Please, for God's sake, get me out of here!
ENERIC---I can look happy, but do not believe it. Barney Stinson is suited for celibacy. Do not worry. The green light means it is off.
I wanted to go to a concert. Him at a party. We could obviously do what the other wanted, so we stayed to watch a movie on cable.---It was Legen... wait... the Autumn. Legends of the Fall!It was fun.
I spotted this girl there, and I will need help to land the plane.---Sorry, I have my own way tonight.
How do you go?---Super. Relations are deadly...
Shut up...---Monogamy is the best.
Shut up.---Tagline!
But it got worse... more---More hungry...
obin and Ted meet Barney, Marshall and Lily at the bar but they are obese.---I can... in a minute.
arshall and Barney are the McLaren's and Barney is still eating.---Did you notice that the beef ribs were absolutely disgusting, but recently they have become delicious?
I'll get to the point, and ask you a question. Are you happy with Robin?---Are you kidding?! How could I not be? It's Robin!
So you're happy?---And you know what happens right after a fight? Gender reconciliation. What is different... when you're in a loving and lasting relationship.
arney and Robin are in bed.---Stack we make love, we order a pizza face and it stays there to moan.
e throws the room.---What was the pizza again?
Face.---It's face.
nd flashback---Sex... I'm right? Fortunately, it is becoming rare. I'm still hungry. You're hungry?
Please, shut up.---What?
I thought you had mentioned, sorry. This is an engagement ring?Are you...?---No, this is not one. They had the wrong table. You can imagine we are married?
We're committed to one another.---Your business is already in my apartment.
Easier for taxes.---And for your naturalization.
"Scherbatsky" is hard to spell.---My mother would be so happy.
Yeah, I guess.---No reason not to do so.
he band is back at the bar.---We get married!
You do not know any that girl over there?---No, I do not think. No, actually, I do not know... This is Meg. I do not compare in my mind there. Can you pick me?
You're not a bit old for that stupid doll?---It's not a doll. It's a stormtrooper.
He wears a diaper.---No, it's protective armor.
A stormtrooper? Rather a storm-merdeur.---Come on.
It looks like your storm-merdeur the changes we need.---You know, I'm sick.
I said nothing.---The jokes about magic, the stormtrooper...
n McLaren's...---thank you God, the song is over. Who was the old devil who sang?
You know Neil Young is my favorite musician.---She was the wife of Archie in All in the family, or the same voice?
Neil Young is a Canadian treasure. Do not make fun of Neil Young.---I never make fun of an old lady paralyzed vocal cord...
Look at us. It is horrible all the time like that?---I'm not happy. Finally, I would be. Nothing would make me happier than to be happy, but... I'm not.
What are we doing wrong? We love. If it does not work, what then? We are so similar.---We love scotch. It is awesome.
That might be it. There may be too great there.---Exactly. Two awesome cancel out, and... I'm tired of being canceled.
Me too. We separate?---I think. Shit. Following happens. After which you and I can not become friends again.
It's a stormtrooper?---It's not a stormtr... We're going from here?
How do you know?---Friends that are found. I like it.
hey kiss before leaving the restaurant.---And then who knows? Maybe in 40 years, if you have not found anyone...
I am already involved with Ted.---It's true. Thin. Maybe in 39 years, if you have not found anyone...
arney enters the McLaren's and everyone turns around. He again became slim.---Dad returned.
Clip? The video for "Sandcastles"! It was also this together.---What do you mean "too"?
