 She wants to do a doctorate, she reads the philosophy for fun, she finished the crossword in the Sunday New York Times.--- Ted, I am happy for you. Sorry, not for you, not to be you.
 Why it's almost that guys?--- Only two things can cause this turmoil.
Ted, Robin, Lily and Barney are down at the bar where all the guys at the counter.--- Ladies and gentlemen, the McLaren's hired a sexy barmaid.
 We'd better find a new bar.--- What... are you crazy? It's a sexy barmaid. Do you know how long I've waited for me... My friends, I slept with many women in my glory days. Lawyers, professors, poets, doctors, professional riders, and animators... A butcher, a baker, a candle maker. Yes, we got to the part where it rhymes. A teacher, a restorative, an observer... A puppeteer, a croupier, a housewife, it is also a job, guys. A circuit court judge...
 Abbreviates!--- I never, never slept with a barmaid sexy, until tonight.
 No. Shut up!--- Wish me luck.
 It will never happen. She will pretend to enjoy yourself in the same way she has mesmerized all these geniuses.--- Guess who will not fall under his spell? I will make him "Do not try, baby. Papa needs a gin and tonic. "And when she will, I recracherai saying" Do it again. " The dominant male where it should be: on top, and after a few minutes below. Why should I do anything?
 Thank you.--- Amateurs.
 What do you want?--- Do not even try, baby. Wait, what?
 You're going to stay there in order to be ridiculous?--- Uh...
 Yeah, I'm gay. Gay for you.--- No matter. You understand why I'm the only guy she does not know this bar?
End flashback--- It's easy. I just have to stop wearing costumes.
Summer 2009, Barney skied in costume.--- True... But for these two... And, for that... Finally, for her... I'll stop wearing, wait...
 Sorry to have misjudged you. If there is a kind of men I can not stand are those in costume. Ca, and a woman who does not comply.--- The costumes and complexed. I hate them. I hate them.
 We will order food.--- I arrive in a second.
 Sorry, Barney. There is nothing more to do.--- So young. You can not do anything else?
 No. But we can use the buttons on this costume to another.--- It can... As an organ donor?
 The death of this suit could save the life of another.--- But I... Do it.
 You do what it takes. Do not cry about it. It's silk.--- Sorry. I know. I know.
Barney joined Marshall, Lily, Ted and Robin at the bar, with an urn in his hands.--- We have the remains cremated. Its buttons have saved a sick jacket of the Upper East Side.
 Finally, you can abandon the quest for so-called sexy barmaid.--- No. My costume gave his life for this cause, and I do not should rest before these two... Well, it... Finally,... Be it mine.
 Barney, sorry about your friend. Tell me about him.--- It was Italian. Classic, elegant. And my God he knew how to deal with women. They could not say no.
 How old was he?--- 7 years. I miss him so much!
 You should not be alone tonight. I will finish earlier.--- Thank you, old friend. You go on a good sh*t.
Barney the bartender back home.--- It was so special, you know? We should observe a minute of silence. Followed by about 20 minutes of grunting.
 I'll help you feel much better. Let me refresh.--- Okay. Expected. No, this is not the bathroom. This is...
 They are yours?--- I'm the suit-sitting for someone.
 Oh, really! Then answer these questions, I beg. What would you do if you had to choose between your suits and a pot of gold?--- Costumes!
 What would you say, against all your costume you were offered eternal youth?--- Costumes!
 What would you choose: a million girls and one three parts?--- Do we see.
 And a world at peace would be within your reach?--- I'll stop. These are the costumes. Stops just bullshit.Two, three, four! Girls come and depart, but the clothes remain constant! Each buddy dépote and rambling, it is no substitute!Sorry, my costumes, I give you my life. My Sunday clothes are my best friends! The casual clothes go in the basket because nothing goes better with the undisputed often praised, claiming to fame... a true... Expect more... Costume...
 Nothing suits her better... than... Costume.In costume! In costume! Costume...!--- Mind you, it is rather barrel.  I choose you you, baby. Tomorrow morning, I get rid of these costumes.
 Really?--- Yeah.  I will do you nothing!
