 Hi friends, any sport has had its icon, which it excels. Ali was boxing, basketball had Jordan, and the sport of sleeping with b*mb snuff chance, my next guest, Mr Barney Stinson.Barney, welcome.--- Thank you, Jim. I'm glad to be back on the show.
 It's good to have you. And you know, the statistics, they really speak for themselves. Over 200 women spread over 6 continents, 17 countries, 74 sexual positions, and not a single bead. Impressive. But even with all these successes, there has always been an escape for you. Which brings us back to last week. Tell us about our history.--- Hold on, Jimbo, it is extraordinary.
First night... Barney, Ted, Lily and Marshall are at McLaren's.--- It all started when I decided to start a small challenge.
 He decides his victim.--- Whatever the girl I'm trying to point is that I go with her tonight. And... they're off!
 So, the first night was pretty normal.--- Jim, there is nothing in my usual way to pack.
Second night...--- That brings us to the second night. You see the b*mb that pampers its Black Russian ? She left to exchange it with a White American. Enter me five! You know... If you're not careful, you'll lose me.
 It's all I want to be.--- I guess that's just what they said when I was gone.
 I believe it. You are awesome. Now, night 3. Describe it to us.--- Jim, I can tell you that I was gone, so I wanted a little spice.
Third night...--- I think I'll take small tits tonight.
 You're yucky.--- Lily, it's people too.
 Wear what bad luck?--- I had left to do... flawless.
GENERIC--- It was faultless. 7 nights, 7 girls, 0 rejection.
 Awesome. I mean, it's the equivalent of sexual perfect game in baseball, in even harder.--- Yeah. The only player in history to have accomplished both Pete was Drexell 'The mustache' in 1896.
 It was not the first time you were about to accomplish. So you knew that one mistake, and we reach the end. Sometimes a teammate makes a mistake. Sometimes a minefield...--- You and me in the closet of the Spanish supermarket next door.
... takes you straight into the wall. And sometimes you spread yourself. And it almost always ends badly. But this week, you were to 3 of 3, and no sign of abating.--- I can even say, without a fault. I'd love to say the same of my friends.
 So you're at four, he'll just make a 5 to 7.--- Well done, Jim.
 I'm going. He needs a brother. Hey buddy.--- Hey!
 Is everything okay?--- Absolutely. A background. It could not get better. I make fun of that? I need you.
 Anything you want. What's the matter?--- Which of these girls look the most stupid?
 Let's see it. Already heated to perfection? The smashed out? Ok I will deal for Big Mac.--- Thank you, Skip.
 Barney, I will interrupt you one second, I must ask you something. Have you ever taken Viagra?--- No, sir. I like to play by the rules. While I can not say I did not propose to.
 It was pretty awesome. You should try it. I still have a few.--- No thank you.
 You sure? Ok, do as you like. What time is it?--- It's 8:00.
End flashback--- I've never touched. I can pee in a jar if you like, Jim Nantz.
 Hey, what are you doing here? Returns to the bar!--- Ted, relax. I am already 6 of 6.
 Really?--- Yeah. I ate at the Tavern of vegetables, I started talking to the Swedish Top Model, and the next moment we batifolait in the back of a carriage. Go my beautiful, Hue!
 Great. What really happened?--- I ate at the "Staten Island Chili's," and I jumped a hairdresser completely stuffed. Are you happy, Ulysses?
 Barney, we know that you are going you may get fired. Wait, you ought to speak. You turn away from reality, kissing unnecessarily on all sides.--- No vain, ok? Between number 5 and I, there was a connection. She will resume her studies, she has a child or who is studying... something with "studies".
 Unbelievable. You know, there are two things that do not.First: you do not open an email from Phil Simms to your children.And second: you do not wear bad luck to a man on track to flawless.--- I do not know what to tell you, Lily is always trying to ruin me any.
 I think she cracked a bit for the Barnacle.--- You have the eye to notice such details, Jim Nantz.
 Do not tell me that she dared to say "The door-jinx, it does not exist."--- I wish I had power.
 You were about to achieve something so beautiful.--- Well, thank you to her, the only thing that can prevent a stroke insured was about to walk out the door. A member of the New York Yankees World Champions in 2009.
 It's happening, look.--- You wanna come to my house and watch the collection of snowballs?
 It was well played, well played, well played.--- But not play well enough. All this week was a waste of time. And tomorrow I'm getting fired.
 We frightened a couple great just because we share a toothbrush.--- You share a toothbrush?
 Well, they and Ted.---... Huh?
 I'm sorry. Lily, Nick Swisher think it's cute.--- Martini?
 What do you say we go home?--- Wow, to be honest, this is not my habit, but I feel a real connection, Number 7... Christy. I beg you. I did it! I did it!
 Unbelievable. Congratulations on your faultless.--- Thank you, Jim. I would never have done it without the help of my friends.
 Hey, on another subject, you really think you could get fired today?--- Uh, Jim, I told you I wanted to talk about it.
 Barney, I go straight from your imagination, so apparently we must talk! Think about it.--- What a c**t.
 Stinson, we made a decision. We keep you. I know this last week has been hard.--- I barely slept.
