arshall, Barney and Ted entered the apartment while Robin does his gym.---I just let something like that to my apartment.
So that's why you're worried?---The new head of legal department is Hobes Arthur.
Wow, he not remember you.---Not great, it does not matter that Arthur Hobes not like Marshall, he loves no one. It is the people he knows that he has to separate. He just fired, "What's his head? ".
Look, I understand you to be upset but this is not a reason to k*ll you.---Yeah, after you turn'm doing... then you can k*ll you. As "What is his head? ". Now I think it is, where is his head?
I can not believe they're smoking outside, it's really cold.---Do you remember when you could smoke in bars?
I think there's a pretty girl smiling at me there.---Hey, this is a chair, but go ahead and drag it.
Our group is divided into smokers and nonsmokers, and it's great.---You're right. Going for a smoke.
Hey you two, smoking, like us.---I'm not a smoker. I do not smoke on certain occasions.After sex, when I'm with German, sometimes both at the same time. During sex, for birthdays, to annoy my mother, just before sex, on a sailboat. The day the mentor MC mailly eliminated each year, and of course... wait, because God knows it's true: fear of pregnancy.
And why you smoke there?---I'm always on the verge of sleep Ted.
Maybe that smoking is not so bad, at least it is outdoors.---And my abs muscle nicotine. I... am... muscular.
ed, Barney, Lily and Marshall are on the roof of the apartment to smoke.---My God, I hope that Arthur is well. I reserve her office in case.
arshall, Lily and Ted put out the cigarette. Only Barney keeps his.---I'm proud of you guys. I heard how it was difficult to stop smoking for as you, then the part of non-smokers, I tell you hat, so give me your cigarettes and I rid, one at a time.
I can not stop now, not before the most important interview of my life. It's too stressful.---It's too stressful!
Barney stops eating your fingers.---I do not bite my nails, I try to suck the rest of nicotine on my fingers.
What, you're a dinosaur?---What do cigarettes now? You believe they think of us?
We will not smoke.---I have a hiding on the roof.
hey get up and go on the roof. Robin arrives.---Oh, I woke up and I smoke. Robin, you know how it's dangerous to wake a smoker sleeps.
You know it's the perfect time there. For one last cigarette. The real last.---Come on, let's do it.
