 Friends, tonight is the night. I invite Tiffany home to see my collection of vintage cameras.--- It's the lure of Ted.
 Bait?--- A true gentleman invents an excuse to bring home a respectable lady. Something interesting or beautiful that can claim to admire for 5 minutes before it starts on the track.
 It was the first week of college. I was way into Wu-Tang Clan.--- It's tricky. It must be interesting enough that the girl up, but not too much not to spoil the evening.
Barney is a girl with him and they play a slot machine.--- The slot machine is too much fun. And a trampoline... that's actually too dangerous. But I finally found the perfect bait... A mini pig.
 I can borrow your mini pig?--- Yes, you can borrow.
 What? I am not to his hook.--- Yes, completely.
 "For now" you draw a picture of a future where everything will be magical, but in truth, it'll never happen.--- It's like that. "I can not be with you". "For now."
Barney is Ted at the bar.--- Really? You really gonna sit and watch the door all night because Tiffany said she would try to pass?
 No, moron!--- Ted, let me be clear. That girl is poison and you have to forget your life forever.
 There she is.  It has led to colleagues.--- Hold on to it. Never lets go! I have never seen more beautiful girls. They all work with Tiffany?
 Yep.--- There can be only one explanation for that. Tiffany is a representative... e, pharmaceuticals?
 How do you know?--- And you never thought to say?
 What? It's just a job.--- That a b... Since time immemorial there has always been a professional edge to which girls g*n, like Tiffany, have flocked. I'll redo the story?
 I will not say explicitly.--- It began 2.5 million years ago. The man was a hunter.So the profession's sexiest moment? Picker. h*m* erectus, indeed. With improved technology, the profession's sexiest moment was changing. I'm sure it's a hernia. You can double-check? And then the man grabbed the heavens. So girls sexy stiletto heels began and became a flight attendant. I'm right and ready to fire. Then the man said, "Life is hard. I should start taking lots of drugs. " So sexy girls landed in medical offices, hot enough to make these pills erection ironically unnecessary. So today, girls are pharma's sexiest moment.
 She touched my nose.--- Largue Tiffany and join the Barnacle in a buffet of girls pharma. There may be loss of clothing, knees b*rned, respiratory weakness and sore abs the next day. That the world give a damn five?!
Ted returns to McLaren's, where Barney is still there.--- There's no nights like with pharma pharma because the nights never stop! Dude, I've flirted with three of them. The fantasy. In addition, my cholesterol is low. My restless legs syndrome is cured. I am more alive than ever.
Robin and Barney are at McLaren's.--- Yesterday I was with this girl so sexy that pharma should call a doctor if you have no erection for more than 4h. I have no reason people?
 Let's go have a drink.--- It's over.
 What?--- The girls of pharma are more than g*n. This is the end of an era.
 You're a little dramatic.--- Really? It starts with a Gladys. And suddenly, a few gay guys not so fabulous fall into the ranks. And before you know it, the girls look like pharma team to a Southwest flight to Albuquerque in Little Rock. It's over!
 You still broies black to the end of the era of the daughters of pharma?--- I've realized that their reign had to stop to give way to a sexy new profession. It may be... communications officer in an intergalactic spaceship to a distant solar system that we can imagine. Maybe it will be... contract. It is not known. But one thing is certain. The future shines... as a huge sun throwing rays of orange light over our heads and our spirits.
 Why change your mind?--- The realization that hope springs eternal. Ca and the little purple pill box found in my bag. I do not know what they are, but they are amazing!
