ed enters a room where Barney.---What do you think of this tie?
Thank you, God. Barney Stinson needs you just before her marriage, is that there must be a dead prostitute in the closet, right?---This one is better?
The tie is well, and you know, this is perfectly normal pinball shortly before his marriage.---I'm not scared. It's just that I think once I'd put this tie, I could never remove it. I should wear it again and again. And of course this tie is fine now, but how I will cope when it becomes big and it annoy me? Do I made a mistake? Is what I would have been happier with the other tie? Ted, I can tell you a big secret?
Yeah, sure.---I do not really talk about the tie.
Yeah, I realized that Barney.---I wonder if this will be a disaster. And if it was the worst of all marriage?
Impossible. It has already been the worst of all marriage.---That of Punchy.
Hi. Guys before you go that you bother to read my toast for the wedding?---Yeah, no problem, of course.
ed pulls out a thick binder.---Woow.
Oh, not that much. Now I am a total disaster for all my old high school friends. And a lot of people in Finland are the big stuff. This is why I have to type this toast.---Ted, you can hit you something else to this marriage.Let the big binder. The only thing you have to bring it to Cleveland.
This fall I became the youngest designer in the history of New York by building a skyscraper. This earned me a brilliant article in a magazine. I plan to frame it. Uncle Barney had different plans.---Here's your speech. "In single file, girls. No big. "
This is ridiculous.---Yeah, you're right. This is Cleveland. "In single file, girls. "
Children, you remember Nora. But the other day...---I'll call you.
Or you called? It's not that I want to know. So what? I do not care. You did?---I did not call.
Me. Or maybe we should make the hot sauce on Barney, now that's a sissy.---I'm not a wimp. Nora wanted a professional. Not me.That's it. And yes, Robin, I want chicken wings.
So we all went to my hometown where we had planned to celebrate the marriage of Punchy. Uncle Barney had other plans.---Stand ready, Cleveland. The last guy who has conned you so hard and then disappeared was LeBron James.
You're going to try to make you anybody here?---What?
My God, Barney, tonight is a magical night between the annoying friend of Ted and that is what this-face. A little respect.---It's not just be someone. This is a market survey. You see, my legendary success rate of 83%...
17. He always reverse.---.. never happens by accident. Each technique used to drag a woman has been thoroughly field tested. By eliminating improper techniques in small markets like Cleveland. I know which will go to New York. For example, tonight marks the inauguration of the escaped prisoner. Do prisoners on the run are sexy?
No, no.---We'll never know unless I try tonight.
During the season of super bowl, but if they mean the super bowl. Go Vikings.---Prisoners on the run are not sexy. At the same time it was a faulty concept. Next step, the patient zero.
You're more drunk than I thought. I mean, look at this type.---Wait, wait, wait, before you leave, please do respond to this survey to help me better to seduce you in the future.What does not work for you in this game of seduction? Does A do not you think that I hold a bailiff of the world? B or fingernails disgusts you? Sea...
Yes, everyone encourages you. Plus some new friends from Finland. Hey, good luck, Schmos.---Take that. Shows them how much you're great. Say your ad, not ashamed, say that.
Really? That's why he tries to Lebron anything that moves?---It does not work for you because A vampires are offside, B or pretend that I invented Facebook was a bit too?
Well. Barney, just to make things clear...---I know what you gonna say. Show in Cleveland, how it goes.
arney's phone rings.---Sorry. Oh, my God, this is Nora. She finally ended up reminding me.
Wait, you said you'd never recalled.---I lied. I called, like, five times. Wait, wait! You guys you know better than anyone how I show this stuff. Will you help me please? I would like just once to see what it feels like when you do not quite fair.
Yeah.---Hi Nora. Thank you for reminding me. The reason I'm calling...
To tell you how I feel.---To tell you how I feel.
I know it did not work the first time...---I know it did not work the first time...
.. and it makes no sense...---.. and it makes no sense...
.. but I can not help thinking that goes well together.---.. but I can not help thinking that goes well together.
Is there a part of you that wants to try again?---Is there a part of you that wants to try again?
No marriage will be as bad as that one, huh?---I chose the right tie, huh?
This is a good story. I will return. We are not even close to the end.---You're a good best man, Ted. You'll cry during the toast, right?
 knock on the door.---Between.
